README.rst, before:

Fasteners
=========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/harlowja/fasteners.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/harlowja/fasteners

.. image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/7d7aku32pimpadiv
   :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/JoshuaHarlow/fasteners

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fasteners/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fasteners/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/fasteners.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners/
   :alt: Downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fasteners.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners/
    :alt: Latest Version

Overview
--------

A python `package`_ that provides useful locks.

It includes the following.

Locking decorator
*****************

* Helpful ``locked`` decorator (that acquires instance
  objects lock(s) and acquires on method entry and
  releases on method exit).

Reader-writer locks
*******************

* Multiple readers (at the same time).
* Single writers (blocking any readers).
* Helpful ``read_locked`` and ``write_locked`` decorators.

Inter-process locks
*******************

* Single writer using file based locking (these automatically
  release on process exit, even if ``__release__`` or
  ``__exit__`` is never called).
* Helpful ``interprocess_locked`` decorator.

Generic helpers
***************

* A ``try_lock`` helper context manager that will attempt to
  acquire a given lock and provide back whether the attempt
  passed or failed (if it passes, then further code in the
  context manager will be ran **with** the lock acquired).

.. _package: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/ec140709ee64bc2ef9917c902f39ab70

Change-Id: I9963efc128b1f0c94fbd40235f5272d60b172415

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-python-fasteners.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

Fasteners
=========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/harlowja/fasteners.png?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/harlowja/fasteners

.. image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/7d7aku32pimpadiv
   :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/JoshuaHarlow/fasteners

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fasteners/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/fasteners/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/fasteners.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners/
   :alt: Downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/fasteners.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners/
    :alt: Latest Version

Overview
--------

A python `package`_ that provides useful locks.

It includes the following.

Locking decorator
*****************

* Helpful ``locked`` decorator (that acquires instance
  objects lock(s) and acquires on method entry and
  releases on method exit).

Reader-writer locks
*******************

* Multiple readers (at the same time).
* Single writers (blocking any readers).
* Helpful ``read_locked`` and ``write_locked`` decorators.

Inter-process locks
*******************

* Single writer using file based locking (these automatically
  release on process exit, even if ``__release__`` or
  ``__exit__`` is never called).
* Helpful ``interprocess_locked`` decorator.

Generic helpers
***************

* A ``try_lock`` helper context manager that will attempt to
  acquire a given lock and provide back whether the attempt
  passed or failed (if it passes, then further code in the
  context manager will be ran **with** the lock acquired).

.. _package: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/fasteners
